hey pretty girls and guys and whoever
else is watching this video I wanted to
do a video about how to build your
YouTube channel how to gain subscribers
how to gain views how to really stand
out in the beauty community or whatever
community you're a part of on YouTube
because I mean there's more to YouTube
than just beauty gurus despite what
people may say I know it's hard to
believe and I want to start out by
saying that I am by no means the most
popular youtuber out there by far and
I'm not trying to propose that I am but
between my experience on YouTube the
limited and my marketing and business
background I've picked up a couple of
tips and tricks and things that I think
I can help you guys with in building
your YouTube channels okay so you know
that quote anything you can do I can do
better that also applies to business any
great idea that you can come up with I
can say with almost 100% certainty that
it will be copied within a couple of
days weeks or months so then the
question becomes how do you get a
uncopyable edge for your YouTube channel
one answer your brand so there are a
couple of things that go into building a
brand really the foundation of your
brand is going to be its name so make
sure that I can stand the test of time
it's a name that's easy to pronounce
it's a name that's easy to remember and
something that can be applied across all
sorts of different nationalities number
two positioning so for example how
relevant are you to the consumers
lifestyle so if you're doing videos that
speak to them and what they're going
through then the more likely it is that
they'll want to watch you in the future
number three quality now you don't have
to go out and buy a fancy eight million
dollar camera I just mean in terms of
your setup you want to make sure that
you're well-lit from two sides and I'll
show you guys my setup now these are
utility lights that I bought at I think
winners or no sorry Walmart and I put a
piece of paper over it with electrical
tape kind of holding it in place and I
just clip them on to my laptop and then
this other one to like just anything
that I can find pretty much and then I
have my stand here and then I just have
a chair
right here you want to make sure that
you're sort of centered in the frame
you're not too far up or too far down
when you're trying to talk to the camera
that can make it a little bit awkward so
I'm just really loving this product guys
right now make sure that you're looking
at the camera and not at yourself so as
I was saying I want to talk to you guys
today about something that's really
important to me but I am really a lot
more interested in how I'm looking now
that you guys have that all kind of
sorted out me how do you get your name
out there how do you get people talking
about your your brand and your channel
one of the most popular ways that I've
found is through co-branding so pairing
up with another youtuber that's out
there and doing a video with them and it
works really great on both ends I mean
the viewer will get the chance to learn
about a new guru who's very similar to
the one they already know and love and
it's also great for the two beauty gurus
because then they can share subscribers
and share views and it's great way to
build each other up another way is by
joining a community so I know there's a
lot out there Elle and Blair have one
makeup geek has one beauty lish has one
there's a lot of ways to interact with
other people that are also involved in
the makeup community whether it's
YouTube or not and it's just a fun way
to get to know new people and build your
brand that way and get let people get to
know you and want to click on your
channel another important point I want
to make in terms of building your brand
do not spam people please I think the
best way to go about that is to reach
out to them on Twitter for example or
Facebook just something that's a little
bit more personal so I don't know if you
guys need this but if you follow me on
Twitter you know that my computer
completely broke down it's been so virus
e and slow and it shuts down and it
gives me the blue screen of death like
every two minutes and I was looking to
invest in a new computer because the way
I had it set up for the longest time and
you guys are gonna laugh at me because
this is just ridiculous is I would have
my laptop and that's where I could do
all my regular stuff like Word documents
and work and then I had a desktop
computer that my dad built for me for
Christmas and that is where I did all of
my video editing that's where I uploaded
all of my videos to and it was just
getting really frustrating as you
imagine I did a lot of research and I
talked to my friend Cory and I was
asking him what computer he would
recommend because he knows a ton about
computers basically and told him I
wanted something that would upload
things really quickly I could work
really quickly on it something that
would handle all of the videos and all
the space that I needed and what he
recommended was something that had the
Intel 2nd generation Core i7 in it and
that is a type of processor and that's
going to tell you how fast your computer
can move so how quickly it can process a
whole bunch of different things all at
once and I can tell you guys I've been
on this computer now for a couple of
weeks now and I'm in love with it I can
be editing video and pictures and
listening to music and on like YouTube
all the same time and my computer is
fine so if you're looking for something
and you're really serious about video
editing and doing great quality videos
then I strongly some suggest even
looking into it I'll put the exact name
in the info bar below but it's been
really helpful for me in making sure
that my video is up to snuff and that is
it for me I hope you guys enjoyed this
video let me know in the comments below
if you have any tips or tricks for
people that are new to YouTube or want
to get involved in the whole making
videos scene and let me know what you
think of this video I hope you guys are
having a wonderful week and I will see
you in my next video love you girls bye
what